Add Neutrona integration (#254)
DataDog/integrations-extras: neutrona/README.md

# Agent Check: Neutrona

## Overview

This check monitors [Neutrona][1] cloud connectivity services to:
 - Azure (ExpressRoute)

## Setup

### Installation

The Neutrona check is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you
need to install it.

Copy the check files manually or run the `_install.sh_` script if you are running the [Datadog Agent][2] on Debian/Ubuntu. This copies both the check script and sample configuration file and **restarts** the [Datadog Agent][2]. 

### Configuration

> 

Reviewer: Add `### Metrics` here

1. Edit the `neutrona.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your
   Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neutrona performance data.
   See the [sample neutrona.d/conf.yaml][2] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][3].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][4] and look for `neutrona` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

> 

Reviewer: Add `### Metrics` here

> See [metadata.csv](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/neutrona/metadata.csv) for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/neutrona/metadata.csv should be a referenced link below:

[metadata.csv][6]
...
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/neutrona/metadata.csv

# Agent Check: Neutrona

## Overview

This check monitors [Neutrona][1] cloud connectivity services to:
 - Azure (ExpressRoute)

## Setup

### Installation

> The Neutrona check is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neutrona check is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you
```

> need to install it yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to install it.
```

> You can copy the check files manually or run the _install.sh_ script if you are running the [Datadog Agent][2] on Debian/Ubuntu. This will copy both the check script and sample configuration file and **restart** the [Datadog Agent][2] :exclamation:. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the check files manually or run the `_install.sh_` script if you are running the [Datadog Agent][2] on Debian/Ubuntu. This copies both the check script and sample configuration file. Then, **restart** the [Datadog Agent][2]. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
Copy the check files manually or run the `_install.sh_` script if you are running the [Datadog Agent][2] on Debian/Ubuntu. This copies both the check script and sample configuration file and **restarts** the [Datadog Agent][2]. 
```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `neutrona.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your
   Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neutrona performance data.
   See the [sample neutrona.d/conf.yaml][2] for all available configuration options.

> 2. [Restart the Agent][3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Restart the Agent][3].
```

### Validation

> [Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][4] and look for `neutrona` under the Checks section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Run the Agent's status subcommand][4] and look for `neutrona` under the Checks section.
```

## Data Collected

> ### Azure Metrics

Reviewer: The metrics should be in a metadata.csv file. Here is an example:
https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/aerospike/metadata.csv

Author: Metrics prefix missing.  [Fixed](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/254/commits/f08c02d0c61fe838b49b3349df99c155cbb4c06b).

Reviewer: Now the metrics list in the README should be replaced with:
See [metadata.csv][#] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

And a link to the CSV should be added to the link list:
[#] https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/neutrona/metadata.csv

- **egress_interface_errors:** Presence or absence of egress errors in the ExpressRoute NNI (Network-to-Network Interface)

- **ingress_bps:** Bits per second received from Azure over the ExpressRoute peering.

- **ingress_interface_errors:** Presence or absence of ingress errors in the ExpressRoute NNI (Network-to-Network Interface)

- **output_optical_power:** Output optical power measured at the ExpressRoute NNI (Network-to-Network Interface)

- **receiver_optical_power:** Input optical power measured at the ExpressRoute NNI (Network-to-Network Interface)

- **tags:** Collection of tags

  - **"primary|secondary":** Peering over _primary_ or _secondary_ Express Route NNI.
  
  - **"ctag_xxx":**  Peering's inner VLAN tag (Customer VLAN tag)
  
#### ExpressRoute Performance Metrics - Customer Premises to ExpressRoute NNI
 - **Two_Way_Delay**: Round trip delay 
 - **Two_Way_DV**: Jitter (delay variation)
 - **Packet_Loss_Ratio**: Packet loss ratio
 - **tags:** Collection of tags
   - **performance:** Performance tag
   - **E2E|LLP:** _End-to-End_ or _Local Loop_ segments
                  
### Service Checks

> Neutrona does not include any service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neutrona does not include any service checks at this time.
```

### Events

> Neutrona does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neutrona does not include any events at this time.
```

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog Support][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][5].
```
